Armstrong number - A number whose sum of digits to the power of the number of digits is equal to the number.
Perfect square -  A number which is the multiplication of another smaller number with itself.
Peterson Number - A number whose sum of factorial of digits is equal to the number.
Sunny number - A number whose next number is a perfect square e.g. 15, since 16 = 4 * 4.
Tech Number - A number is called Tech number, if it has an even number of digits, 
		and when we split the number into two halves then the square of the sum of those halves is equal to the number itself.
		e.g. 2025 = (20+25)^2 = 45 ^ 2 = 2025
Emrip Number - A prime number is called Emirp number if we get a different prime number when its digits are reversed.
Autobiographical number - An autobiographical number is a number N such that the first digit of N represents 
		the count of zeroes in N, the second digit represents the count of ones in N, 
		third digit represents the count of twos in N and so on. 
		e.g. 1210 is an autobiographical number
Spy Number - Sum of the digits of the number is equal to the product of the digits of the number.
Neon number - A number is called Neon number when square of the sum of the digits of the number is equal to the number.
		e.g. 81, 8+1 = 9, 9*9 = 81
A number is called Automorphic, if the square of the number ends with the number itself.
		e.g. 25 is an automorphic number because (25)2 = 625.
BuzzNumber - A number which either ends with 7 or divisible by 7 is called Buzz number.
Duck Number - A positive number that contains a zero digit is called Duck Number. 
Fascinating Number - A number is called Fascinating number if it satisfies all the following conditions:
		Number contains at least three digits.
		When we multiply the number by 2 & 3 and concatenate the results with the original number then it contains all the digits from 1 to 9 exactly once. 
Sphenic Number - A Sphenic number is a product of three distinct prime numbers. 
		e.g. 66 is a sphenic number as it is a product of 2, 3, 11 and all these numbers are prime.